car break *none
crowd scream *none
*person turn *none
foot slip *none
man shake head
bridge collapse *none
*pronoun eat breakfast
human survive *none
*none lift leg
pharmacist lean *none
drawer slide *none
bomber kill person
*person smile *none
baby sleep *none
*pronoun wear helmet
statue stand *none
horse run *none
paint dry *none
fish jump *none
horse pull head
protester demand *none
*person step *none
prisoner escape jail
*pronoun grab towel
army bury soldier
plane fly *none
submarine sink ship
*pronoun shrug shoulder
patient tear cuff
visitor enter room
*none spread glue
police close road
*pronoun catch salmon
*person stare stone
Lebanese throw rock
candle burn *none
head hit ground
steam push piston
Miranda open mouth
Iran launch satellite
*pronoun bring food
woman suffer pain
engineer steal secret
thunder wake *pronoun
stomach hurt *none
ladder touch ground
lava flow *none
man go city
student raise hand
*none beat egg
bomber blow vehicle
*pronoun grow vegetables
driver drive *none
stranger approach *pronoun
object move *none
boy cry *none
Misha walk dog
leaf fall *none
camel drink water
bus arrive *none
thief steal photo
bar support weight
father die *none
*pronoun drag suitcase
smoke arise *none
*none lean head
passenger travel *none
cat sit *none
*pronoun cut grass
daughter marry man
Frank stretch arm
cowboy ride *none
antena point direction
volunteer welcome visitor
*pronoun hand key
doctor say *none
reviewer complain *none
Beth stick tongue
person love *none
*none clean stain
politician talk *none
workman dig pond
pirate attack ship
scientist think *none
*none attach hose
judge decide *none
*pronoun meet girl
son break window
Dean slip knife
*pronoun climb stairs
helicopter land snow
*pronoun fill bottle
man sweep floor
salesman knock door
*none feed cow
Jim close book
shark swim *none
column rise *none
reporter rush scene
tear roll *none
pedestrian walk *none
landlord refuse *none
*pronoun tie ribbon
immigrant settle Hawaii
kicker kick football
man nod approval
firework burst *none
bride dream *none
couple lay wreath
ship carry passenger
child live *none
